MOST IMPORTANT FEATURES IN SCRUM:

1-Product backlog:
    The Product Backlog is an emergent, ordered list of what is needed to improve the product. It is the
    single source of work undertaken by the Scrum Team.
    Product Backlog items that can be Done by the Scrum Team within one Sprint are deemed ready for
    selection in a Sprint Planning event.

2-Sprint Planning:
    Sprint Planning initiates the Sprint by laying out the work to be performed for the Sprint. This resulting
    plan is created by the collaborative work of the entire Scrum Team.
    The Product Owner ensures that attendees are prepared to discuss the most important Product Backlog
    items and how they map to the Product Goal. The Scrum Team may also invite other people to attend
    Sprint Planning to provide advice


3-Sprint Backlog:
    The Sprint Backlog is composed of the Sprint Goal (why), the set of Product Backlog items selected for
    the Sprint (what), as well as an actionable plan for delivering the Increment (how).
    The Sprint Backlog is a plan by and for the Developers. It is a highly visible, real-time picture of the work
    that the Developers plan to accomplish during the Sprint in order to achieve the Sprint Goal.
    Consequently, the Sprint Backlog is updated throughout the Sprint as more is learned. It should have
    enough detail that they can inspect their progress in the Daily Scrum.

4-Daily Scrum:
    The purpose of the Daily Scrum is to inspect progress toward the Sprint Goal and adapt the Sprint
    Backlog as necessary, adjusting the upcoming planned work.
    The Daily Scrum is a 15-minute event for the Developers of the Scrum Team. To reduce complexity, it is
    held at the same time and place every working day of the Sprint. If the Product Owner or Scrum Master
    are actively working on items in the Sprint Backlog, they participate as Developers

5-Increment:
    An Increment is a concrete stepping stone toward the Product Goal. Each Increment is additive to all
    prior Increments and thoroughly verified, ensuring that all Increments work together. In order to
    provide value, the Increment must be usable.

6-Sprint Review:
    The purpose of the Sprint Review is to inspect the outcome of the Sprint and determine future
    adaptations. The Scrum Team presents the results of their work to key stakeholders and progress
    toward the Product Goal is discussed.
    During the event, the Scrum Team and stakeholders review what was accomplished in the Sprint and
    what has changed in their environment.

7-Sprint Retrospective:
    The purpose of the Sprint Retrospective is to plan ways to increase quality and effectiveness.
    The Scrum Team inspects how the last Sprint went with regards to individuals, interactions, processes,
    tools, and their Definition of Done.
